counting my blessings watching this
section but I'm living one of those
things where everyone knows it ain't
really said town they can't convince me
to believe I know this life with all the
lights and how it ain't true but fuck it
I don't want to leave cuz you can never
have deja vu if you don't have between
what is going on guys it's oh geez
ethics for the win here and today I have
a new glittery guys on ascension first
stuff you just want to do the old knife
lunge the only knife lunge on ascension
and to do that simply charge yourself
for it by hitting either white or
triangle and then knife in a split
second after come to this point you're
going to get the crueler and you're
basically gonna knife and you should get
on top of this barrier now once you've
done this what you want to do is move to
the side of these tires and you want to
strafe jump towards the edge of the
truck as soon as you hit the truck you
need to move over otherwise you will hit
a death barrier there is a death barrier
on the back of the truck and you can't
really go on the truck but you can come
to this barrier now you might be
thinking well this isn't really much
more than we've already seen you know
I'm just standing on a barrier I want to
do something else well you can get to
other spots basically what you have to
do is have two people straight and two
people get on this barrier then one
person can go to other spots and the way
this works is by that person jumping
into death barriers and you reviving him
so he can get through the death berries
and then beat the death by and get two
points that don't have death berries now
this might sound a bit complicated but
I'm sure once you see it in the video
you will understand it a lot more this
glitch was banned by glitching fish
there'll be a link to his channel in the
description my target on this video is
1000 likes also feel free to leave a
comment I do read all the comments so it
is really good to see your feedback on
these glitches and what you think about
them recently in the comments I've seen
a lot of people asking for essential
glitches and kino der toten glitches
well here's an essential glitch kino der
toten however is not proven to be as
easy at finding glitches no one has had
any luck so far finding any glitches
I've tried I haven't had any luck I know
a lot of other people have tried and
they haven't had any luck so we'll keep
looking for you guys if we do find a
glitch I'm sure it's it on my channel
but anyway guys it's been a geez Alex
for the win I hope you've enjoyed this
glitch I don't
guys in my next video thank you watching
cuz I'm sick and saying I'm dealing with
it every night that's what penance is
bar like Bruce Willis but that hardware
the visions kid and I'm in this party
where all these women is trying to find
where niggas with dollar bills and
business is finally left what I wanted
for what I need it can't be the girl of
my dreams if you don't close your eyes
to see it the road less traveled we're
both of us were headed say they would
kill us I told you I won't let it where
my life was plain most bitches get it
used and boy I've been damn like toe
touch stretches I even said expectations
and you never ever met it but I gave you
my heart
you ain't even call a medic now she
telling me to leave her alone but I
can't like she got bad credit
I guess is dead it with me
I won't forget it so I accepted a pray
no one intercepted giving the globe
I hope everybody accepted making it it's
never what you expected
never watch from the sofa tell my hated
hit record on a remote controller until
my colon ball
this is the life that I never will
forget I'm inside a dream that I never
wanna quit the rocker sitting back
waiting for the kid
and for the kid this is the life that I
never will forget
by the train that I never
wanna play the bunker sitting back
waiting for the kick I just didn't
what
large a I got a date with destiny
my heart says Guerra can't convince the
rest of me
I've tried so hard to make it with no
recipe my selfish ways caught up and got
the best of me I need redemption only to
mention my past cuz all that matters now
is bigger than diamonds in cash to glitz
the glamour the lights the camera action
the stage the fans the speakers blasting
you know I wanted I needed don't doubt
it I can't live without it this is
everything I dreamed of it's everything
I've ever wanted but is it really truly
in my plans but the guy mix up my
blueprints did he have it right there in
his hands anybody give me a hand
fill it now I know it's coming I don't
give a fuck what anybody say I'm falling
I printed I chose a selective dismissing
it crossing